ABOUT THE PROJECT:
	- There's a word tag which has letter tags that contains single alpanumeric
		symbol, the last letter tag in a word tag contains a non-breaking space.

	- Each letter is given border left, at any given time only one of the letter
		tags will have a differenct color and rest of them will have same color and
		this color will be same as words container's background color. This is how
		cursor is emulated in this project.
				=> words container's color EQUAL letters border left color
	- 


FEATURES TO BE IMPLEMENTED:
	1. 	Option to select between different cursors. ❌
	2. 	Option to to select the thickness of line cursor. ❌
	3. 	Divide caret into block, line, underline as individual css property. ❌
	4. 	Auto random word generation ❌
	5. 	Option to restart test without reloading page ❌
	6. 	Highlight mode
			Change what is highlighted during the test --> letter❌ | word📌
				- letter: Like keybr.com
					= note: first add fade class then move cursor to next letter
					= forgive errors me bus tum letter ko red kr k care ko aage badha do
					  agar forgive error off hai to error letter ko insert karo, aur bina
						us errored letter ko user backspace daba de clear nhi krta tabtak
						caret ko aage mat badhana, user space dabai tab v nhi. jab sab error
						clear krke user aage badhe toh jis letter k liye galat letter type
						ki gai thi us letter ko red kr den aur caret ko aage badha dena.
				- word: 	Like monkeytype.com
				- in both scenarios we will insert error letters whenever it is typed.
			Gather more information about letter & word highlight mode from keybr and
			monkeytype (also from other websites).

	7. 	If a user hits alt, opt, ctrl, meta or shift key then we should not count
		 	it as error and avoiding giving an error highlight to the word/letter.
				


	Windows
			ctrl + backspace	(clear one word)
			alt  + backspace	(clear all words)

	Mac
			opt + backspace 	(clear one word)
			cmd + backspace		(clear all words)


WEIRD BEHAVIOURS:
	- Sometimes when you type, the caret doesn't move?
		It happens because you click somewhere or for any other action the focus is
		removed input tag.